come on asleep
we are starting to see military aircraft
come over the hills and they're shooting
do this Julie we're reporting to you
live with news regarding the recent
events currently taking place in
Montgomery County where an explosion has
happened we're trying our best to bring
you new information but we really don't
know what is going on to bring you this
important bulletin we are getting
reports of mass water below the state
there's somebody down there
well as you can see here we got plenty
of script footage to go around although
we get an out is with the key what do
they keep coming from I don't know
as long as they're out there and that's
all I care about
yeah what is it just started going off
god get back in time
oh just think of it like summer camp
except can't really go outside and play
you